R14D3WP6J91DCU@Super cute book. My son loves lifting the flaps.
R1RUXYHCSZSHJ0@Cute lift-the-flap book. My 9 month old loves it!
R367OTNJ8I36FS@I can't say much about this except that it was a gift for a great granddaughter.  My granddaughter tells me that she reads this to her eighteen month old daughter, and they both enjoy it enough to share it over and over again.  I read it too and found it a fun story.
RJ62XWHGDIF7@As soon as I got this package, I gave it to my 18 month old son to open and he made me read it to him about a dozen times. He loves it! He's obsessed with his belly button, so this is the perfect book for him. He's also obsessed with peek-a-boo, so he loves lifting the flaps. It was a definite hit!
R1L8O7RM8DD6J3@The book is sturdy and well made. My baby likes to carry her books around and they are routinely dropped. It has held up really well. She loves the flaps and finding the hands, feet, etc. My only critique is that the body parts that are highlighted are the smallest item on the whole page. As a visual representation for teaching a child it seems weird that the focal points are not scaled to be more familiarly identifiable.
RGMH5ROASTBS8@Well-made children's book that an child will love.
RW6ORU2M3C461@I bought this book for a newborn. She loved when our parents read to her as an infant. She's now almost two and loves playing with it herself. I got it based on the positive reviews. I'm so glad I did. Will buy it again and highly recommend
R3R9QKZ61DMKGF@This gift was liked by the child and parents.
R3GCFAIUL8BI3Y@This book is adorable. My toddler loves it.
R1IKZK5S0DCKZ0@My daughter loves lifting the flaps herself! She's almost a year. Great colorful pictures. I'm never disappointed with Karen Katz!
R3V239ZPPF0XY3@Cutest book ever. All my kids love, love, love it!! I'd give this as a present to other people too.
RB9QK3F6SUQPU@love
R366N97DLUODS7@Cute!
R8OWCLDI0GGL0@Love Karen Katz
R33SW6AMDKTSB8@Such an entertaining book, my daughter loves books so this is a great look and find book... lol
RSO743RDYVWTZ@My girls love this book so much I bought it for my niece!
R33DK4T6EHUIHX@Does a nice job of showing your child where different body parts are in a cute manner.  However, my one year old likes to lift the flaps himself and I also think this is a great way for him to be part of the story too.  The problem with this book is the flaps covering the different body parts are very flimsy and very easily ruined.  Compared to some other books out there, this one doesn't live up to expectations.  Youngsters are still figuring out motor skills and are anything but delicate at this stage.  I appreciate books that are made to last more than a couple reads...
R3DHV2T9Q991V7@Very cute!
R3MRIY8FUDOYHU@My almost 2 year old son loves the Katz books. We have the Beach Ball book, the Zoom Zoom book, and this one, so far, but I'm sure we'll get more. My son really likes this one, though I think he prefers the Beach Ball book Where Is Baby's Beach Ball?: A Lift-the-Flap Book (Karen Katz Lift-the-Flap Books) best, but all the Katz books are top faves.
R3P2KOXRF7Z400@So cute and fun.
R2Q0PPQ18OXN9@My 1 year old grandson enjoys this book.  He's so good natured and laughs heartily when  are lifted in this book.  I apologize for taking so very long to review.  Your service was excellent. far more prompt an efficient than mine! Thanks!
RZYFWT276TO8K@This book It's just "ok",the idea is very nice and the images are cute ,but it has very few pages(just 6 flaps).it's not expensive,so I should know from the beginning why..but doing some research on line I could find something better paying the same.my mistake trusting the amazing reviews!
R2K5E7GXYJB2OD@Cute book for infants.
R3QKBFRYMJTRC8@its a cute book but my 2year old son wasn't as enthralled as some of the other reviewer's kids. Oh well, that's not the book's fault. Kids can be picky. He still likes the book, but it doesn't hold his attention all the way through the book (and it's very short). It's ok, but I wouldn't pay full price for it and glad I didn't.
R2R3VHZOBOKHH3@My 10 month old loves books where you lift flaps and this book is no exception.
R20C15AL3RZNFK@My son loves books but he isn't in to this one so much. I got it because it had so many great reviews. But the pictures aren't real, so the body parts aren't realistic... the flaps are awkward... maybe i have to wait till he is older to appreciate it, but right now this isn't working for him.
RF7T03L50TV2Y@I love this book. my kids (14 month old twins) love lifting the flaps and interacting while I read to them. this also teaches them hands..feet...mouth... etc which is also just a fun way for them to learn. (they also love lifting shirts now and looking for belly buttons :)  !!!!!!)
RPGSRSWYE4BMV@Love love love it !!! We may have played, read, looked into this book about 100 times already in one month. My baby has a big smile on her face with the peek-a-boo style of the book. She just loves this book and its her preferred one that she picks from a bunch of other books.
R2M9GCGH0QS9ER@Darling book for my granddaughter. She loves to look under the laps and sho points to her Belly Button! So cute for any toddler.
R13A1E84GQINZW@Excellent delivery & book
R1IHIM75XZ15TC@I'm not a huge fan of the book but my son loves it. I bought it so he could have more lift the flap books as he seems to like them. He's 9 months old and will grab this book out for us to read. So I guess it's appealed to it's intended audience.
R2KDDNCDQVLJBD@So much fun to see my niece have fun lifting the flaps and finding baby's eyes, mouth, etc. I ordered six more books by this author the next day.
R1L72VD853B8CZ@This flip book is sturdy and so much fun! It is perfect for kids who already know or are learning words like "belly button", "eye", "toe", and other body parts. My 15 month old loves this book.
R2UFOFK6BI3R75@Bought this on the recommendation of a coworker and our baby loves it.  Super simple, bright colors, and the baby seems to enjoy seeing what is under the flaps.
R3R0QA0Z422DDC@Simple lift-the-flap book teaching baby about body parts. It's nice that different babies are featured.
R15IEZL8QALCZP@My 18-month-old is good at sitting through books, and she does sometimes like this book but it definitely isn't an every day reader.  She doesn't seem to be too excited with lifting the flaps, which is strange because she likes to on other books.  I do think the illustrations are pretty sweet though.
R2XF37Q0BUEPWW@Cute flap book. My 18-month-old triplets started ripping the flaps out 5 minutes after getting it, though. :-)
RRVABOFF48FXY@Great book
R20R5DLH2UZKX1@1 year old loves this book but has a tendency to crumple the flaps. I wish the flaps were thicker. But its a good book to teach body parts
R2MC3Q6H8O8BWC@I love that I can read through this book and teach my son where his mouth, feet, etc. are as we read.  However, the flaps are simply attached to the pages, rather than inverted into the pages, and are SUPER easy to rip off.  Sadly, this book vs. a toddler just isn't a fair fight!
R19UVJU1NEU3H@One of my daughter's favorite books so far. She loves being able to interact with it instead of just sitting and listening.
R3LVVT5NNG1SU6@Cute book! My 7 m.o. Gets so excited when the missing things magically appear when we lift the flaps.
R3J828Q50RECVC@My 16 month old grandson loves this book.
R3PBKOK6X3ON71@My little one loves the flaps. What an adorable book.
R38E4AKFKFZRCX@One of my 1-year old's favorite books! Great for teaching body parts too-- he now points to his eyes, mouth, feet, etc when we read the corresponding pages in the book. Big sturdy pages he has yet to rip off.
R328UU7JAUKED6@Gave as a Christmas present to my almost one year old daughter. Great illustrations and simple wording. She loved it, along with her 2 year old and 6 year old sister.
R3W3M51ZOILXYA@as per promised
R2O3VN9WJ6D3G6@6 month old granddaughter loved this book.  Opened it at Christmas and right away had to look at it over and over.  As a former school teacher very happy with the book.
R1JDXS706K8S1T@great book for my 1 year old daughter. She loves to lift the flaps and it also has taught her where her belly button, eyes etc are! She can also hold the book in her hands.
R3TE1ALLUZGSIP@One of my toddler's favorite books.  As she is learning different body parts, she loving this book more and more.  She lifts the flaps and points to the body part the page is about.
RS23X6XG4MEFE@This book is super cute. My neice isn't old enough, yet, to stay focused on hearing the book and cannot yet read on her own... but I'm looking forward to her reaching that point because I know she will love this book.
R2BKVRLR3QS30L@Fun little book for babies. My 9mo old loves opening and closing the flaps on each page. This book gets lots of giggles everytime we read it!
R2EN1XAV1FADJ0@This is a nice sturdy book with colorful drawings of babies with some part of their body hidden.  Each page asks, "Where is baby's ...?"  Toddlers delight in lifting the flaps to find the hidden pictures.  The pictures are bright and cute with eye-catching fabric and wallpaper patterns.  A very attractive book, and perfect for that stage when toddlers become fascinated with their belly buttons!  My 17 month old has really enjoyed this book.  It can be very helpful in getting kids to name body parts, and it's fun for both the baby and the parents to read.  Highly recommended.
R1N41681HILU4W@My one year old pulls this book out every day and loves lifting all the flaps. It was great for teaching body parts. She loves looking for everyone's belly button now.
RUE7FGTOI9NY3@Really  great .
R10MKQ12AA3GZ1@Very cute book. Baby loves playing peek a boo with the flaps. It would be nice to have the flaps to be board book material vs paper so the baby doesn't tear them off in seconds trying to find a belly button. If you don't mind torn flaps, it's not a problem.
R32KCC7AJYM6QS@This an adorable book. My 8 month old loves to see what is hidden under the flaps. This seems to keep her attention more, as she doesn't try to chew on it as much as the other books she has.
R10PCA22ETND2D@This book has been a favorite of my daughter's from about 12 months to now, when she is 18 months. She really enjoys turning the flaps and finding the items and then showing where the items (belly button etc.) are located on herself, her teddy bear, etc. Good value for money. She sometimes tear off a flap, and that is the only reason I do not give this item 5 stars, but the flaps are pretty easy to tape on again. This book is better than some other lift-the-flap books where it is hard for the infant to see where the flap is.
R32FDZSX2MVDXV@My baby LOVES this book! She always hands it to me to read out of all her books. I make a loud peek a boo sound when revealing what's underneath,she loves it.
R2EWLW4U57UJOL@Sturdy flaps, very durable. My two year loves it!
R2BCQMUKUPMWM0@When I had my son I bought a lot of books as I've always loved books and wanted to read to him. He is now two and from age 1 to 2, this remains his favorite book. He is quite an active child but will sit quitely and help me find baby in the book and enjoys it.
R2QOR4FHWCW79Z@Sweet book and durable for the wee ones.
R2F79Z3KTYUF7L@The bright, inviting pictures and sturdy make-up of this book make it perfect for babies to toddlers. The peek-a-boo aspect is replaced by participation in lifting flaps accompanied by growing vocabulary and identifying body parts. A great buy.
R53R2LEIH4WK3@Our 18 month old grandson loves to be read to and this is one he can participate in.  He is happy when the books are brought out for him.
R1H6AFG81P2C0H@My daughter absolutely loves these flip books. She brings this one to me to read constantly throughout the day. She is one and by reading this book and by lifting the flaps she is learning where her body parts are.
RN5LOLJWE1LM9@Great
R2LZUPOD2GQPNH@I read this book to my first child and when she ripped off all the flaps, I just had to order another book for my second child.  They both loved this book and my first child loves to read it to her brother!  Keeps them both entertained before bed.
R13WBJI6QUH9II@my son enjoys this book. he is almost a year old now and has been reading it for probably 6 months. i wouldn't leave him alone with it but under supervision, the flaps have not ripped or come loose at all.
R2UDAI0FVZ4EDB@I bought this for our 6 yr. old when she was an infant and loved it and repurchased now for our 6 mo. old. When my 6 yr. old was little I bought ALL the Karen Katz books I could find! Not all of my 6 yr. olds book's have made it 6 yrs., but about half did and she still reads them now to herself and to her baby sister. The books are well made, and I will be buying all the ones we don't still have again!
R3N3E2EB1TIMH0@My grandson LOVES this book and I have now read it to him about a hundred times (today, ha ha).  All of the books in this series are his favorites but especially this one and "Where is Baby's Mommy?"  They are pretty durable for the work out they get and he pulls pretty hard on them when he lifts the flaps.  The only down side is reading them over and over and over!  Ha ha.
RRKHISGKBUFR6@My granddaughters love sharing this book.  They practice naming body parts and get to find the same part on  the baby.When at a family baby shower my 2 year old granddaughter saw a mother-to-be unwrap Where Is Baby's Belly Button?  She worked her way to the front of the room, asked for the book, brought it to me, climbed into my lap, and asked me to read it to her.
R37FFB363KA4VW@My granddaughter loved this book when she was a baby 9 years ago. I just recently purchased it again for my 8 month old grandson and loves it just as much!
RTA4YTCX331MA@Baby's favorite book as it reminds her of "Peek-A-Boo" and she will sit patiently while it is being read. We have not seen it yet as they live out of state but will see her for Christmas. Parents are thrilled with purchase.
R2S6U0PQQDWR6G@Cute book - bought as a gift.  It does have "lift the tab" in books which could tear if left alone with a small child.  I also changed last page to say "Her' instead of "He"  since I bought it for a girl.
R22U7UAVMUE79R@My daughter loves these Karen Katz lift the flap books.  They're the first books she's been able to "read" on her own as they have simple language.  And the books have helped her to learn her body parts as they're pointed out on each page.  I have bought these books for friends children too as they are such a hit in my house.  I would highly recommend from 1 years on up.
R1ZT99ABIPKT4L@my daughter and i both like this book but the flaps are flimsy so i definitely can't let her play with it on her own because at her age (10 months) she would rip the flaps right off.
R2T7WL4AHZOFAD@My Daughter (10 months) loves it when I read her this book.. when she trying to crawl away when it's time for a diaper change or to get dressed this book always seems to draw her back. And the book is short enough to keep her attention through it all.. and she always gets excited as I flip the flaps on each page. I'm guaranteed a smile when I read this book.
RNQTKJ0S9501J@Okay, we just love this book! My 15 month old daughter's current favorite. Not so many words, flippable pictures, what more could a toddler want?
R11K315ANOZUXE@I purchased 3 of these. Great price but not an ideal book for a 1 1/2 year old, as the kids tend to rip the flaps off the book. Had it not had the flaps, it would have been perfect. It's a really good learning book for toddlers.
R258G8Q2170M2E@My toddler loves books but this one was not one of his favorites. It was also very flimsy, and he tore one of the flaps off already. Most of this other board books are made from heavier-duty cardboard.
R1KSYWLWT54DGC@A beautiful little book.
R16IG63G0E5ZM8@By far my son's favorite book right now. He had ripped one of the coverings but that's expected with a toddler. I will be purchasing more books by this author.
RIY7QWC9HDQA7@Great book my little one loved the flaps! She is 4 months old and couldn't get enough of this book.
R3EJ4B2TLY20HI@Good book
R1D5ATRPD0FLF@My 12 month old loves this book, and this is her favorite out of all of the "lift the flap" type books she has. Also, I have no idea if it's BECAUSE of this book, but she now points to her belly when I ask "where is your belly button?" I have to say, seeing that is worth triple the price of this book.
R3D3B5PJY3KJQ@My daughter loves this so much. I had no idea that inside of the book, there were flip up pages on each board page. She gets a kick out of me flipping the page up and reading what is under it.
R2NS4J2WULUMZN@Very cute book and great illustrations that my grandson can lift open and find all the "parts".  Good for very young ages.
R2ZPS1DUTHY0U@Such a cute book!
R3LCKBMPC7LRWI@My son loves it! He asked to read it to him over and over!
R2W0W7A3KRY3W6@My son loves this book. The flaps keep him entertained and he doesn't get bored half way through the book
R989B3XZKUMWT@My 16 month old loves books with flaps- she often rips them on accident, but these are the sturdiest we've experienced. It's also a great learning tool and reinforces learning body parts that we've been practicing.
RMGDFVGSB1T06@My daughter loves this book!! She loves opening the flaps and looking for babies eyes, mouth, feet etc.
R3J1ZND39RD7EA@My baby loves this book, I just wish the flaps were a little more resilient - one was torn off within the first day.
RAC53O9YPB7Q1@Adorable book that allows your child to lift flaps and learn about their nose and etc. My son loves it!
R3RLX7Y80I0FZ8@This book is one of my daughters favorites and I enjoy reading it. It is fun and interactive; it is a book you don't really get tired of reading again and again. (That is what your child will want to do, this book is that cute!) The lift a flaps help keep your child engaged and participating. This book also helps your child begin to learn identifying body parts which is such an awesome thing! My daughter giggles everytime we read this book and she enjoys lifting the flaps. I highly recommend this book.
R3J3FUNMVVKSDI@I had this book for my 6 year old when she was a baby and knew that I had to get this again for my now 9 onto old son. It was a hit then, and it's still a hit now! My kids really enjoy this book. The pictures are great, and the surprise that the flaps bring make this such a great book!
R31UKUOX0D7WLH@My toddler loves this lift the flap book. I think it's the best baby/toddler book out there for teaching body parts.
RKW0DAIUVAU0I@Very engaging book! My son has learned many body parts (belly button, feet, hands, mouth, eyes, etc) along with objects! (Bubbles, cat, cup etc) This book is one of his favorites and he is almost 2
R1DDF96B1EE6L7@This book is great for teaching little ones body parts. The flip pages are great for engaging little ones and keeping them interested in the book. Highly recommend this book.
R2MRVNKTE6SIO4@Bought this book for my daughter cause my son loved it so much he'd flip the flaps and rip the pages.... my daughter loves it too!!! Great way to teach body parts.
R3U0VNJAUVG281@cute book for a baby shower gift
R1IMZWAH2HU0RA@Love
R37BJSTWUYTPC4@A very cute book. Baby likes to look at the pictures.
R3K8DJREX80ZAW@This is an adorable book! It is one of my daughter's favorites and we use it now to help her point to her eyes, ears, and her favorite, her belly button!
R1WSDH1D79BE9T@My oldest daughter loved these books when she was a baby so naturally we had to get a few for my second daughter.  She also enjoys finding Mama's belly button so we thought this particular book would be perfect.  She likes the 'peek-a-boo' fun and enjoys the colors and pictures of the babies.  Fun book, great price, can't go wrong!
R1XR34W255M9LI@My baby's favorite book!! So cute
R2NBVJ1U6UGRYQ@As a former children's librarian, I love this book.  It is right on target for little ones.  The hard cover makes it easy for turning pages and looking under flaps.  The bright pictures include babies of different genders and different races.  I buy this book often and give it to the parents of newborns as a welcome baby gift.
R3RJQ9B9T9HT3Q@My little girl absolutely loves this book! She loves the flaps although I wish they were a bit sturdier.  We just received the book yesterday and she has already managed to bend most of the flaps.
R1US3F0Y6DGS85@I've been reading Karen Katz' Lift-the-Flap books to my daughter since she was 10 months old, and I wish I would have known about them sooner! They are the perfect book for babies! They are sturdy enough to withstand baby teeth and drool. The pictures are always bright and captivating, they definitely keep little one's attention. Out of all the Lift-the-Flap books my daughter has, her favorite might be Where is Baby's Belly Button? Every time it gets to the part to "life the flap" my daughter squeals in delight or starts trying to talk! The only thing I'd suggest is to watch out for little hands trying to rip the "flap" off. The pages are thick and nearly impossible to tear, but the "flap" can be torn off by a determined Little One. However, it's nothing a little double-sided tape can't fix. (Amanda)
R3JCVVMOALPEKC@What a cute book for a bahy shower....the mom to be wanted books in lieu of cards
R28OXGZB5KE9IY@What a wonderful little book. My grandson loves it! He's 14 months.
RCZXQOZ4AQ5J4@I don't know what it is about this book, but my baby gets so excited whenever I pull it out to read to him.  He's only 10 months so he's definitely too young to lift the flaps himself, but he loves having it read to him and smiles and giggles whenever the flaps are lifted to reveal the body part.  It's adorable.The book itself is wonderful.  It's a sturdy board book, but the flaps are thinner material.  If you leave the book alone with really young kids there's a definite risk they'll rip the flaps right off.  The solution?  Don't leave it alone with babies.
R2U1URCC9FQLR@My baby is five months old and is so entertained by this book! It's the perfect length to keep her attention, and she loves the flaps and bright, clear pictures and simple colors. I'd highly recommend it! The board is high quality and can take sticky little hands that just came out of a baby's mouth without getting soggy or easily damaged.
R1G3HOE63Q4PP8@My baby's favorite book! Short "sentences" on each page with great pictures and fun lift up pages.
R3GVDQ21LUIW23@Love love love the book... my kids read it until it's torn.. super buy. Super cute.
R3DCAP989VIWT7@Great quality.
R3BBOWZM73BJ4G@My wife loves reading this book to our toddler.
R1M39N5OEUXUJV@Love this book, it's unexpensive and really nice. I bought it for my baby and she seems to like, I order it because last year I saw it in the daycare and a lil girl of 7 mo was miming all the actions and I thought it was cute.The flaps are kind of thin, so I'd consider to be always present while you baby handles it unless you don't care your baby breaking it. mine has a fixation tearing appart  flaps so.. I don't leave her alone with this one.Easy to teacha nd show your baby parts of the body
R3JXU261M77CA7@I didn't think the illustrations highlighted the hidden body parts enough for the big reveals. However, my daughter LOVES this book. She gets so excited every time, usually we have to read it at least twice in a row and it's just as exciting to her every time.
R2JYKFIOFLDPVT@Cute pictures and my 14 month old daughter enjoys it. The flaps, like most flap books, are not going to hold up to her pulling on them, but overall it is a very good quality book for the type of book that it is. I've been able to easily repair lift up flaps with clear tape, and it's fine. As with all books for young kids, some wear and tear is to be expected, but this book has flaps of good quality so it can handle the repeat fixings.
R1XXQOJODHPRLQ@I like it
R2LTX4K942REZ6@Great book for interaction with toddlers!
R1PVCVO8PI7VCK@The idea of the book is nice but the pages are very thin and not durable and the flaps are also thin making it hard to lift. When lifting the flap to see what is underneath ex: mouth, it is so small and not even exciting to find
R3IV1HXD6GE9OL@cute book
R25ATJUDAMEBGX@My baby loves this book so much! But be warned that this book goes through wear and tear very quickly with a toddler.
R3V3U3DQHMG8WJ@Not great but not bad, the flaps are a bit disappointing since they take up a lot of space on the page. I guess I was hoping when you're looking for something that's "behind the cup" you'd just lift up the cup, not the whole bottom half of the page that has the cup on it. We read it once and the next time I offered it, my son shook his head no. It's still waiting to be re-read....
R3MIC1REUBPREZ@We got this for my baby at around 6 months and she loved it then but constantly wanted to eat the flaps. This is not a board book so we didn't pull it out for her much until around 8 months when she stopped teething on the flaps.  Even at about 8 months she was really good at lifting the flaps herself and now at 10 months she is starting to associate the body parts in the book with her body parts.  We always touch her foot, hand, etc when we find that part in the book.  The other day she lifted her own shirt to find her belly button which was cute but also shows us that she is learning.  We used clear packaging tape to mend a tear from an excited baby lifting a flap too hard and it probably wouldn't be a bad idea to do that to all of the flaps to make this book last.
RTMHJUN966903@One of our favorite baby books!
R3VWQZT9AA217G@a present
R1KLR893YIZHI9@Our daughter loves this book. She is 14 months old and enjoys flapping the peekaboo on each page. It's helped build her confidence finding her nose, mouth, eyes, belly button, and feet. Great learning tool and perfect size for a young toddler.
R3HNBZ5SGS2X72@14 month old adores this book. Pulls it out to read all the time. Cute lift the flap book that shows different parts of babies' body and baby hiding/playing peek-a-boo at the end. I avoided the hype around this book for a long time with my older grandson, but gave in with my younger one and he loves it!
RL0I62KX7BQXZ@Adorable peek-a-boo style book to teach toddlers about their body. My son loves the anticipation of lifting each flap to reveal the eyes, hands, mouth etc. He especially loves the last page with the baby hiding under a beach towel. He laughs in sheer delight. Great book!!
R3QIO4111QI7F2@My two year old loves this series, and this is one of his favorites. The flip pages are big enough that he can do them himself. He did rip one, but it was easy to glue back in. We've had this 6 months, and it's been through a lot but is holding up well, and keeps his attention well.
R3GRQ222IYDXZI@My baby is 15months old and laughs historically at the peek a boo flaps in this book. It's even helped her learn how to turn pages. She lights up when ever she sees this book! I highly recommend it
R1YWNXNOGDAVYC@Peek-a-boo flap books are the best. Got it when my baby was 14 months old, and she still likes it at 16 months. Great colorful illustrations with eye catching patterns, but not too busy.
R31QCW6DOTS5FF@One of my daughters FAVORITE books (& she has a lot!!). She brings this over to us often to read to her...she loves lifting the flaps & learning about the parts of her body. So so cute!!
R2TYJQX6PJ6ML7@We bought this book a second time because our daughter took the first one into the shower and destroyed it. But we had to buy a second one because she loves this book. Her and her cousin both (who's 6 months older) love pulling the flaps up and down to show where the toes, feet and belly button are. This book taught our daughter where her belly button is. At one point while reading the book we got to "Where's baby's belly button?" and our daughter would lift up her shirt and point to her belly button. We all love this book and it's often one she brings to us to read her.
R2ZIOA8MH5RD5R@this is my little boys absolute favorite book!! just the other day he ripped it and i was so devistated so i will be buying another one in the next week or so . you will not regret getting this book. if you are a parent like me and love reading to your babies this one is perfect . it is a lift the flap book so i always scare my little one like "wheres the babys belly button........ *lifts flap* UNDER HER SHIRTTTTT" and he just giggles and giggles and giggles... that is his every night bedtime story that he cannot get enough of ! trust me you want this book. my son is only 1.5 years old and it is just so utterly perfect for him (:
R1E2WAOOO3SKNA@A sweet baby book every toddler will enjoy.  A little book they will want to read over and over.
RB2CL5OT7XQ0Z@My son loved this book! He is 20 months old now and this has been one of his favorite. At this point, all of the flaps are attached by tape, but it still serves its purpose!!
R1ND8M8IXDOCXS@Baby is like, learning is everywhere.
R1PFRW1GXKKW9O@Got for our 1 yr old book lover and he loves it. He always looks at it and says Peek-a-boo!!! :) Very cute book, just wish it was a little more sturdy. We love it though!
R364IZ0KABIJXV@I wish the flaps were somehow not as thin as they are. An exited baby can easily bend them.
R964TFJRPFI9F@Have this to my 13 month old great granddaughter for Christmas.  She is learning to point to her own and other people's body parts.  Also she is learning to say the names of some of them.  The book seems sturdy enough to withstand use by a child that age.
R28CW6BRT1I3WS@His favorite so far!!!!! He is 10 months old, loves the flaps....peek a boo... he definitely can relate to it!
R2M08968Q9D8Y5@My 2-year-old granddaughter enjoys this. Good quality book, nice heavy pages for little hands. Adorable illustrations little ones relate to.
R1H1UBQZ2JUMRC@Baby's favorite book!
R2S1SOHCT343K3@Great purchase, great price, but wish it was "thicker." The baby has already eaten the corners, lol! Guess that covers the value of fiber as well, double bonus!
R245Y0C7S97L7T@Zoe is a little young for this yet but we are working on it and I love it.
RJ3S9D0RNMMKZ@My son (1.5) loves this book because he's starting to learn body parts.  The flaps are weird and sometimes hard to find/open
RSRQ513FZ0LIO@I just read this last night, AGAIN to my 2 years old gbb. HE LOVES it. Simple pages with lots of color and interactive so he can lift. slide and uncover to find what he's are looking for. :-)
R26PN2JPMGRCS1@Got this when my son was 8 months. He loves it! He studies the pages and opens the flaps with pride. Sometimes I have to help because his little fingers have a hard time grabbing the flaps, but he still has fun!
RYLQNFZAY1UCH@My 2 year old loves this book. Easy for her to lift the flaps and really draws her attention in looking for the body parts she has learned. She reads it again and again.
R2KYNCYLJO46TH@I bought this with a little bit of apprehension cuz my baby didn't take to wordy books.. this book she absolutely loves. It is being used to distract her, stimulate her, as a companion when she eats, and she remembers the book and gets happy if we ask the questions in the book in our usual tone!
R5FANPEOSQMIA@My 17mo old loves opening the flaps and finding all of the different baby's body parts. This book is short and sweet - perfect for a quick read during playtime!
R1BSSMCFE9A1N3@My son loved reading this to his little one.  Good pictures. Easy to read. The baby related to it and made it into a game. Would recommend this for a little one.
R15ISW7QF1DTTP@My son really loves lift the flap style books so I decided to purchase a new one and this is a classic.What I like about it:The illustrations are adorable. I also, obviously like that it is a lift the flap book, because they engage my son for so long. One of the reasons I chose this particular book is because it addresses body parts and I thought it would be helpful when learning those body parts.What I don't like:Quality, quality, quality! We own several board books, but this one isn't nearly as nice as many others we own and have seen. He is 19 moths at the time of writing this and we have had it for about 6 months now and it has not held up nearly as well as the other lift the flap books we own, and he plays with this one far less. He loves his books and isn't very rough with them, so this is one of the few books we have that are damaged. The pages are very thin compared to literally every other board book we own, and the flaps are extremely flimsy and got bent during the first use.Overall, we like this book, but if I could go back in time I would choose a different book. It has not been a hit for us and is a bit disappointing. I would have given it 4 stars (maybe 5) if the quality was better.
R3UMDZ3JH2JJF8@Baby's favorite book and she's pulled out almost all the pages lol. But she gets very excited when she sees me bringing it over to her in the mornings.
R3PIU8RR2V1QXR@I bought this book for my 11 month old daughter for Christmas this year and I'm so glad I did. Although it isn't very long, it is just the right length for babies and younger children. Colorful images and the fun lift-the-flap pages had our baby (and even her 4 year old big sister) giggling along in no time. The book is just the right size to hold in your hands while holding your little one. The only draw back is making sure the flaps don't get torn. My baby was immediately tugging and pulling on the flaps and with the right amount of force, it would tear right off. Even with that concern though, I still would recommend this book!
R3QKCZV42H5JEI@I got this book for my then 5 month old infant and he was fascinated with the concept of things concealed. This was the first book he actually loved and engaged with. We read through this book with him daily. He quickly grasped the concept of "Where is ..." and was excited when the flaps where lifted to reveal the item. I noticed that he also quickly translated it to things in his surroundings. When asked where is Dada etc, he would look in the direction of the person or item long before "they", meaning the experts, said he should. He is now 13 months old and still loves the book. Ever since he could walk and multitask, it surprised us that he would take this book up and walk to either his Dad or me so we could read it to him. Needless to say, it's pretty worn at this stage. If there is a less than positive remark I can make is that, although it's a board book, my little guy found a way to rip most of the flaps off. There is tape on every page :-) Not so sure if they could make it any sturdier though. Love this book!!! Definitely get it for your little one.
RC37DXGZEHSHA@This book is simple but a great fun way to learn a few  body parts in a playful way with your little one.  My daughter is going on 19months and has enjoyed this book for 6 months now.  Each page has a flap that you lift up to see baby's belly button etc, and each baby is in a different scenario so you can find things to talk about that lack in the actual text. She hasn't ripped any  pages as they are thicker however she has crumbled it a little.
RMDOODQ2GFY7H@My 5 month old loves looking at this book.  The colors are great and the flaps keep him interested and engaged.
R224KK65ZQ71JI@Our baby is in LOVE with this book and gets very excited to lift up the flaps. The authors have other books which we have tried but something about this book in particular is special.
R1YSA0QE7S7SNN@Cute book.  Ten-month old loves looking under the flaps.
R36TQH2JYUNKBP@My toddler and 9 month old loves this book. I had to tape it up several time because they're rough with it.
R2DGUXQ63LS65K@My kids love, love, love this book.  This is the second time I purchased it.  They were not nice to the tabs.  I have also pruchased this book for a friends kid.  It is a lot of fun and interactive.  I love that while they're on this journey to find the belly button they're learing other parts of the body.  However, any time my daughter sees a "lift the flap" book, any and every flap comes with a "Noooooooo!"  Hehe, she's 15 months. It's super cute.
R27I1YAPZH764F@This book is just very beautiful, cute, smart, and overall just adorable. The color choices on each page is like a work of art. Of all the books this has been the most beautiful to look at, and both I and my son have enjoyed this book for two months now. So why four stars? The flaps are very, very thin. For this kind of a book the construction is of very poor quality and of all the lift-the-flap books my son has, this has been the most poorly made and deserves only one star. However, because I like the images of this book I still give it four stars. But one of the flaps is long gone. I purchased this together with "Dear Zoo" and in comparison between the two books is like night and day. "Dear Zoo" has held up very nicely (also much beloved by my son) because the flaps are made of carton-like paper. But "Where Is Baby's Belly Button" uses thin paper for the flaps. I hope the publishers correct this design flaw. If yes, then I'll very happily purchase it again for future baby #2 :)
R3U0AGCN0XLFYW@Not good for little kids. Easy to break the book.
R1RL4L5M3I7QGM@Cute book; very entertaining for the little ones.
R35M6ASHV3I9TP@I mainly bought this book based off other customer's reviews. Big mistake. Sorry, but I just don't get why it's so popular. My daughter likes it OK - I like it less. The flaps are easy to rip and bend, so you definitely don't want you child playing with this book by themselves. But that sort of defeats the purpose of a board book in my opinion. My daughter wants to be able to hold and play with her board books.
R36CH2535FNBWH@Bought this as a gift to someone as my daughter loved the copy that was gifted to her. The flaps could be ripped off but such is the case with any lift the flap book. It was cute, short, and kept my 1 year olds attention. She's since outgrown this book but her little sister will enjoy it soon!Oh, and my daughter is rough with stuff but this book has survived so far.
R2LCGBRGELP5J4@My 2 year old loves this book so much she memorized all the pages! Fun and educational.
R2N3LRVO6RQZQD@A really cute book. Nice big flaps, easy for little hands to use.
RO9KYZSJ2BZ5X@I bought this for my 3 year old daughter. She absolutely loves it. The flip up pages make it a joy and keeps her focused on each page. Such an educational book also. A must have for your child at home library.
R2VO9722XBBVTH@Great baby book to add to collection.
R168F35482GO3P@My baby loves this book. She is only 5 months old but every time I read this book, she seems to enjoy it and actually pay attention.
R1YJC6CW52SVLK@Adorable book with big flaps. My daughter loves it!
R2T3D5DOO5FCXG@Great granddaughter loves the book.
R1QO0739NKZT64@product, seller & price are awesome
R1A5I1W7YNP8ZT@I have had many kids love this book
R167BE5I3EVUMB@I like Zoom Zoom baby by the same author better.  It is more engaging for my son than this book.  It's not bad, but of the four lift the flap books of this size that are in heavy circulation in our home, this is the least favourite.
R3RWE3GWU14B7W@Great book for my 15 month old. he's so excited when lifting the flaps to reveal the body parts
R12FNAFF3HU47X@Grandson enjoying this book.
R1ESOYWR8JQV7W@My son LOVES this book so much!  The last page of the book has a baby under a big blanket flap that you lift up.  I started asking, "Where's the baby?!?!"  He enthusiastically flips the flap up to show the baby!!  If I randomly ask, "Where's the baby?!", he looks all over for the book, as he associates it with the baby under the blanket.  He's not the most gentle with it and I've had to glue one flap back on, but he enjoys this book so much that it's ok! =)
R3G3Z95G1OODFS@Very cute lift the flap book and pages can be wiped off from sticky hands.
R142H1KFJ8C2QK@Fun! Educational! Visual! Stimulating. Well put together! All around good buy! Great book for all ages. A classic must for any parent's baby book collection!
R2N9E7VG8GC6AS@I bought this as a gift for a 1 year old. The book was colorful, fun to read and had sturdy flaps that could be used many times without the worry of them coming off. It was enjoyed by both the child and parents.
RLTQWFL029OMF@My 8 month old loves this. It makes him smile as I turn the pages. Its bright and lovely
R2VZ7UOOPUYRN@Pages are very thin. I wouldn't call this a board book or let a baby have it for more than 5 seconds.
RXS3K32XDYS50@My baby likes this book but I wouldn't say she loves it like the rest of the reviewers. I think because the flaps are bigger than other books. In a couple cases they are as big as the whole page.
R34J8SXZE9UF6Y@Our big girl loves reading this to our little one. This is a very cute book!
RUFEWOIGBV8EI@It's ok. My son love flap books but he didn't like this one for some reason.
RDHIMDMVULW4U@I love this book, and my 1.5 year old can now tell us where her belly button, eyes, mouth, etc are!
R1TXEA6FWMTRYQ@So much fun. My daughter lifts up her shirt and point to her belly button and giggles !
R137VQHXSUZ6XR@To me, this book is cute. To my 14 month old, it is the book of all books. She cracks up when she lifts the flaps to see the babies. I can put this book at the bottom of a pile of books, and she will sift through them until she finds this one. This is by far her favorite book. No other compares. The only thing for me is that the flaps are not board book material, but more like laminated card stock, and they will probably be ripped off by this little hulk of a baby in a month. But it's worth it :).
R3IABCV7XBGTS7@My one year old daughter loves this book. After reading it to her everyday for the last two weeks,  she can not point out the parts of her face and body. Great teaching tool.
R1QX3ZAK49008W@Our baby loves the flaps.  They are thinner but she has not torn them.  Great book
RQRPF15W2PFLA@I purchased this book to attach to a baby shower gift.  If you only purchase one book for a newborn/toddler, this is the one to buy.  It is interactive as it has items on the page that you lift to find the baby's belly button, eyes, etc.  At the shower a young mother of two, exclaimed, "Oh, this book was the favorite book of both of my children!"  Now that's the best positive affadavit for a book that one can hear.  I love this book and I know the new baby will too.
R30Z19HH5I0UYU@One of my son's absolute favorite books. He likes to find his body parts on himself after flipping up the flap on the picture in the book. It's be nice if it had even more body parts.
R1KB8SMBCGS3LN@My 10m old daughter loves this book and the others by Karen Katz!
R1GPZVVNN2SLTB@Perfect for little hands.  He loves them.
R2UJ2ZN8MY6705@Great book for babies. My daughter loves it
R1T853CAOX2GKQ@Sweet baby book! Perfect for baby showers that like books instead of cards.
R21F9WLAL0G2GY@My 8 month old wants me to read this to him over and over again because of the lift-the-flap experience.  I highly recommend this adorable book!  It is most definitely his favorite!
R1RXSH9ONH6WJZ@Our third time buying this book since it's such a big hit with my kids that it continually is subject to much love and abuse. :)
R3OL550I4OXK7@My kids adore this book! And unlike some of our other "lift-the-flap" books, it hasn't gotten torn up (yet). As many times as they've read it, they both still think it's fun to look at. FYI, they are 1 1/2 and 2 1/2.
R2PFEEAU7NHO8L@Karen Katz books are engaging and wonderful to enjoy with little ones. My baby loves all of her books! They are also well constructed, and the flaps are not easily torn off by tiny, curious hands unlike some other lift-the-flap book series.
R2LHG5IN67NQRR@My grandson (13 months) LOVES this book! He looks for it each time he comes over. He brings the book to me or Pappy and waits for us to read it with him. Each segment has a flap that lifts to reveal common body parts. His favorite is at the end, "Where is baby?"
R1H00LVI098GS0@I bought countless books before my baby was born, including most of  the classics, and from about 6 months on, tried to get him interested in any and all of them with no success.  Eventually between 7-9 months, after reading the reviews here, I ordered this. And voila! He seemed to like it -- well, he would at least sit still on my lap long enough to turn the pages and lift the flaps!  Three months later, it is definitely his favorite book -- he giggles when I pull it out, and loves to lift the flaps up and down, and up and down, and up and down.  After three months of all that upping and downing the flaps ARE raggedy and curled up, but he doesn't seem to mind. I figure on buying it again when it really gets worn.  I would definitely recommend this if you are trying to get a younger, active baby interested in books.
R1VMWMMRIBIWWK@cute. great price
R38BD387JZFIYA@12 month old loves this book and so does mom, the only thing is that the flaps are large and lightweight so can be easily bent or torn if left unattended. I will still purchase more of these series because of my daughter's love of them.
RX3GH8MLDBA23@Love this book, my one year old loves it! he giggles whenever we read this together, good book to show them where their basic body parts are. Thumbs up!
R1QVQNXDLSULDY@We love this book to keep our 18 month old son entertained while out and about. He loved to lift up the big flaps and see what is underneath.
R38008HTCZI1SM@My son loves this book!  So much so, when he ripped the flaps off of our original book that we received as a gift we purchased the book again.  The bright colors keep their attention when they're little.  And the different body parts that this book teaches are simple enough that they're learning them while playing peek-a-boo.  Just don't leave this book lying around if your baby likes ripping off flaps.  They come off very easily.
RL68OW8834BF8@You know your baby loves a book when the flip-ups on some pages are permanently bent from repeated use. Only one she can't figure out is belly button.
R220PLS0R7MXKD@Very cute children;s book beautifully illustrated and colorful.  Great addition to any child's library and they grow and learn.
RZ39NFVABIQ2B@It's a cute book and again my son is only 9 months but we read everyday since newborn and the stuff he says and learned since little is amazing I love and enjoy reading to him
R33DP4LOTRAJV4@This is a very cute book. My one year old loves to lift the flaps to find the hidden picture. The only problem is the flaps bend way too easily so they no longer lay flat after only a few weeks of use. He also tore out an entire flap in his excitement of opening it. This is definately a read with supervision book and I wish there was a way they could have made the flaps less destructible.
R28ZVOY8Y12MGU@Where Is Baby's Belly Button? is one of my daughter's favorites. At first, I read it to her and lifted the flaps, but now she lifts the flaps as I read it to her. Many times I've had to read this book three times in a row!The flaps on this book are more durable than some. They've become bent from much use but are still hanging on. Baby has ripped off lesser flaps.After reading this book to my baby for months, I recently caught my 10 month old flipping through the pages on her own saying "baby" as she lifted the flaps. I read one of the pages to her  as she sat there and she immediately climbed into my lap to have the book finished.
R9R9FOKED36NB@One of my favorite books I've read a couple hundred times to my grandchildren. Bought this one for a friend's grandchild.
RWSMZGI6FO4KI@This is a favorite with my 11mo... she waves at the baby at the end EVERY time and my heart leaps. I love it!
R4P13V3C24PFB@This is a great book. Perfect for babies learning body parts. My son is 10 months old and he loves flipping the flaps. The flaps are still attached so it seems to be good quality. The words are big too! Perfect for little ones to see the words while listening to it. Not wordy at all.
R25OY7C5TO11CA@My LO has me read this to her more than twice a day everyday since i bought it for her
R2R1ONMJJ1C530@My great granddaughter received this for her birthday.  She has enjoyed it so much.
R2RX0V0CUTYB31@My son loves this book! He will bring it to us and ask us to read it over and over. The book is simple enough for him to follow (we started reading this to him at 1 years old) and he loves opening the flaps. I think this also helped him with learning his body parts. His favorite page is "Where is Baby's Belly Button?" When we get to that page he always lifts up his shirt and points to his!  Will definitely buy more books from Karen Katz.
RNEDMWJ5Z8IIS@6 month baby loves when i read it and likes to try and open the flaps on each page.
RE8RXL7N5Y3D@Good for a big guy
R2M4FJVQOSB6OQ@This is a great book to learn body parts. My daughter loves it when i read this book and tickle the body part as per the book. I'd definitely recommend this book to parents who want to teach body parts to their kids.
R39KHDTJWO6AM2@One of my 1 year old daughter's favorite books! Lifting the flap excites her!
R2B31JK893KNO6@My 11 Month old likes lifting the flaps. I think gradually it will help in recognizing the eyes, toes, belly button, but for now, its a great way to keep baby engaged at Reading time. The book is very colorful and I would highly recommend Lift-the-Flap books( Dear Zoo is another good one).
RB4ZPD9DRFAL5@My 6-month old niece loved this book and it made for nice Mommy and Me time.
RE9JXCD6Z39OS@I bought this as a gift for an 18 month old.  It is now her favorite book.  The flaps make it fun and the price is great!
R36KHA7G6JKTZN@My son absolutely loves this book!!! He thinks it is so funny to pick up all the flaps on the pages and is learning lots of body parts! He is 18months.
R1RBJDPYIRLNFF@We bought this for our daughter when she was an infant and it was her favorite book! It was instant smiles as soon as we started reading it to her (with animation, of course!). As she got old enough to hold the book she started ripping the flaps off. So I bought her another one, and over time she ripped the flaps off again. She is now almost 2 and I am ordering her her 3rd copy of the book! It is still one of her favorite books.
RUSLY50O8EK0A@This simple peek-a-boo flap book was one of my children's favorite when they were young toddlers. I continue to purchase this title as a gift for newborns. The bright colors and soft images are pleasing. The peek-a-boo action is a favorite for all babies and toddlers. I highly recommend this book for young ones.
R19IQ8GH4D0JNI@Granddaughter loves this book!
R1ZLQJZEJT8SI8@Cute book. The flaps are a little flimsy. I have to watch my page ripping 15 month old when he has this but it's very cute
R16N2ZAZ9E7U7B@My 14 month-old is obsessed with this book. She likes that it is interactive and now that she can say something that sounds like "belly button," she wants to read it on repeat.
R2JLXP3D723900@cute book, some of the flaps are a bit big and difficult to move when you are reading to the baby. I would buy again still though. :-)
R1MA8FZO5EG2L4@I bought this to read to my grandson.  He is 7 months old and loves being read to.  He enjoys this book
R11ZD8ST2J0QFD@My son LOVES this book! He enjoys pulling up/down the flaps of each page and is completely engaged when we read the book.
R1LYZFL0CCAE2N@My daughter loves this book! She gets excited flipping the flaps. Only wish that the pages were a little tougher because she already ripped a flap.
R1L37SZ6RS1Z9D@My daughter loves this book. I didn't realize it wasn't a belly button book before I bought it. It asks "where are the baby's hands?" And "where are the baby's feet?" and so forth. It's not just the belly button. Anyway it's a fun little flip book that seems to hold up even with the flipping and folding of the flaps.
R2AZ2TDKPLVYC7@Oh, how my baby loves this book! She squeals with delight as soon as I pick it up because she knows what's coming. I read Katz's Counting Kisses to her every night and we also have Daddy Hugs. The illustrations in those two are also engaging. But nothing delights her as much as the lift the flap aspect of this book.It's especially intriguing how she "reads" the last lift a flap. I point out the bear, ball, and wagon and I say "but where's baby, where could he be?" Then I lift the flap to reveal the baby, my daughter squeals, claps and smiles big and then thoughtfully looks back over at the bear, ball and wagon and then back at the revealed baby. It's like she knows the entire scene has changed by the revealing of the baby. How can a parent not love a book that elicits such engaged thoughtful behavior?I'd recommend it highly for babies from the peekaboo stage to the learning body parts stage.
R1Y0AEEBILEI4T@“Where is Baby’s Belly Button,” is the perfect first book for any child. The peek-a-boo concepts through the book keep the child excited and thrilled to the end. The book has different babies in various scenes, with a body part hiding behind a flap. “Where is baby’s feet?” “Where is baby’s belly button.” Every time my son would open the flap, he would scream in joy. He’s one now, and isn’t as excited about the book so I would recommend it to babies under one.
RWJAPTXKP497Z@The way the flaps are set up, its hard to lift even as an adult.  My 18mth old has a hard time finding where to lift and to get the tabs to lift.  That is my biggest complaint.  Otherwise its a great book for learning parts of the body.  I read the book and point to the characters in the book, ie see the babies toes?!  And then touch/wiggle his toes so he starts relating what we are talking about.  Cute book, just wish it was easier to lift the tabs on.  You better have nails!  I might have to rig the book so its easier for him to lift, since he likes to lift them up himself.
R34W9OUGHQZGRA@My nephew is a year old and he loves it!!
RX8SCRYAWWSV7@My 13 month old daughter loves this book. The flaps are really big so they are easy for her to flip up and down. It only has a few pages, but each flap focuses on a different body part. The babies are also really diverse, which was wonderful. One of her favorite books for the last couple of months.
R1JKLGHE883XOR@Really cute book that a little one will love.
R24VL4QPDT1RPG@This book is absolutely adorable I bought it for my one-year-old and she loves it. She is already learning where all of her different body parts are. Absolutely recommend this for mothers for their children!!
R314FSLWJB1BYS@The PERFECT book for my 18 month old who just discovered her belly button as well!!! She loves this book and the flip pages trying to find baby's eyes, hands, belly button, etc!!!
R2Y7JC1QKZ4IK@Sweet book, funny and a favorite.
R1XVGD3AR8BOFL@My nephew toddler loves the book!
R2PSXJ6JTY2KBF@Cute book!  Quick ship!  Thanks!
R2DVFPWJ0YUFUS@Very cute book. HIGHLY recommend
R3174XTTMK3DOT@Very pleased with the purchase
R1EX0F7SR4ARP8@My 16 month old daughter loves this book and proactively asks for it many times a day.  It simply is a fun and interactive book that entertains and educates babies and toddlers about their bodies.  It is a well made book that has held up well over the past few weeks of heavy use.
RVG9C50OK3MYF@All of my sons have loved these books!
R2P158DY9PQIDC@A Birthday gift for my 1 year old Great Grandson...and he loves it!
RJPL8KXN348NY@We like this book very much. Good for our 11 month old baby.
R1HRC6MTTWN9RN@It seems like a great book! I bought it because my daughter loves belly buttons! I only gave it 3 stars because I thought this book book was all about belly buttons based on the title.  It is actually a book on basic body parts like several others we already own so That was disappointing.
R20Z1LO2VI7185@I loved this book when I used to read it to my niece and now I love it more when I read it to my daughter.
R19TV6B4AWHG1B@Good book for multi-sensory learning, but easily torn by little, uncontrolled fingers.
R1ZZLMZ4F5TWUS@This is one of my daughter's favorite books, and it's just adorable.  It's fun to play with her and learn the different body parts.  She's unfortunately ripped the pieces apart, but some moving tape has got that problem solved.  She laughs when we read it and it's a quick read, which is great.  Nice book for the price.
RXATEQ0QY3GSQ@My seven month old is crazy about this book..it's so cute to watch him be all Happy and excited when he sees this book..at every turn of the page..his expressions and excitement😊 oh my!! Maybe its the way this book is illustrated with appealing colors. He would cry if the book is closed n I would have to read it to him again.
R1D4E096B5B40Z@My daughter reacts less to this book than she does with her other ones.  It's cute, but she's not into it.  Also, why not build up to the belly button?  The belly button "pop up" is in the middle of the book...  That just bothered me for some reason.  Anyways, I gave it three starts because my daughter simply doesn't find this one amusing.
R3O0QQ6ZEUBOZU@My 7 month old loves it!
R1XIYMC4J5O6OV@My baby loves this book! I'd almost say it's her favorite. She really likes the flap with the cat on it. She's about 12 mo now, so a bit young for this . . . she actually ripped a flap off when I wasn't looking. She really seems to respond to the baby pictures, and babbles at the book while turning the pages and flipping the flaps.
RVX8MSFRFAR34@this was a christmas gift for my grand nephew who will be turning 2 soon !
R3P9ZXG7G7LWPL@Amazing! Since it's her favorite, it's mine too. I love how her face lights up as she opens the flaps. At 12 months, she's learning how to open up the belly button page and the last page flaps. Though I will say, if you want it to last, don't let the little ones play with it. We just read it to her and try to put it away.
RQFO6EZK21SA3@Our daughter has loved this book for months. We first got it at 7 months and even then she was able to pull down the flaps with some help. She is almost a year old now and still pulls this book off the shelf almost every day. It is fun to tickle the body part mentioned in the book and see her giggle as she learns. These books are reasonably sturdy. She does bend the flaps if left to her own devices, but she hasn't ripped any off yet!
R2JET1LNB8VGIC@This is a great interactive book that my son cannot get enough of.  My little one is 17 months and he will bring this book to me at least twice daily so that we can play/read.  I do think that this book played no small part in teaching him his nose, eyes, and mouth.  We are working on belly button but he would rather laugh than identify when we get to that page.
R2MFTWFJ8DCA9J@This has been a favorite of our 21 month old grandson since he was 3 months old. We interact with him and his body parts with every page. He sometimes will have us read it 10-12 times a day. He just laughs and giggles in anticipation of helping turn the page, lift the flaps and us getting his bely button, toes, etc. Very well made too.
R1HHT6SSV0YEJP@My little boy LOVES reading this book! He's only  9 months old and already points to my belly button and his! Very cute with the pictures and flaps.  The book is also simple enough for easy learning for the little ones.Pros:*Simple, fun, and educational* Bright colors*The board book allows for teething babies to read too*Great ValueCons:*The flaps are easy to rip off. .  especially with older babies who want to gap and pull everything.
R2MS0PRFQAD19O@Good book but I just wish they were made a little more durable.  I think all of my experiences with flap books are like this but given the age of those who "read" these books doesn't it make more sense that they can't be torn apart by tiny hands?
R10GHGPK2F88T7@My grandbaby's favorite book
R2TFTOL4S8QAJ1@My baby love this book
R15RC5VD0SZYCR@I bought this book for my daughter who was just a little over 1 at the time. She was able to learn her body parts by pointing after she would lift the flap in the book.  It was so neat to see. Now at age 2 she'll still grab this book off the shelf and want to point out body parts of her dolls, our dogs, and even us!  I recommend this book for any young toddler ages 1-2!  It's perfect!
R1ICW84S7FXWNG@A thrilling ride of intrigue with reveals from page to page. You will never guess where this baby's belly button is.
R258PTZJ3U5I1Z@One of my grandbaby's favorite books
R1UERI590KMF1S@If your child likes belly buttons as much my 17 month old does, they'll like this book. My daughter likes turning the flaps & finding the hidden body part, then she'll point to that body part on herself. It is a cute, informative book, but I do get scared that the paper flaps will tear when they're being pulled by a toddler.
R34R8UQM5K3CA8@Very engaging for my 15-month old granddaughter. I was worried that she would tear out the flaps on the pages, but after one week of heavy use, the book is still intact.
RN3WUTQPDORYE@My baby LOVES this book.  I have read this book hundreds of times in the last few months.  He giggles with delight as each flap is lifted.  Great book!
RRQAAPTNP04V0@Cute story line
R193MF3E66AMI5@Excellent lift-the-flap kids book.  I gave lots of these books to my nephew's kids as gifts.  My nephew's wife is VERY picky as to what she likes - I think she wasn't sure what she thought of these books at first, but her son chooses these books to be read time and time again.  I think she likes the sturdiness of the board books.  I loved lift-the-flap when I was a kid - I'm glad my grand(?)-nephew enjoys them too - they make reading books (and learning from them) fun!
R2AF2W42NTLN03@My now 3.5 year old daughter loved Karen Katz books when she was younger. I now have a 4 month old daughter and enjoy reading this book to her as well. The flaps have held up well. My daughter always loved lifting the flap herself and telling me what was underneath. I highly recommend these books!
R3QVF9OC02C9AY@My 7 month old daughter loves this book. Whenever she is fussy and I need to get some work done I just grab the book start to read it to her and by the third page she takes over and starts to hold the book forgets about being fussy and stares at the pages, tries to move the flaps, and reads it to her self in her adorable baby talk! and of course I can then get some work done it usually buys me a good hour :)
R39TPNPEGEHKB9@My grandson of 16 mos squeals with excitement when he see the baby's eyes and finds the belly button.  So cute.
ROA2CGC3XYX93@My 22 month-old son loves this book. He loves flipping the flaps and find the baby's body parts. He then pointed to his own body parts and repeated the words, and that's how he learned. Such a cute and good book for early education. Shipping is awesomely fast!!
R3U8LH70648WQ6@My Daughter loved this book until the dog got it!!!
RS5OGCLDYYGOZ@I sent this book to Oregon for my great grandbaby.  My granddaughter said he seemed to really like it.  She reads to him all the time.
R3JLDNL9R4RBWA@My boy learned a lot from these books. Loves the flaps. But older versions of these books has flaws: the flaps are glued to the main page by a tiny thin side. Rips of easily. If you don't mind fixing the books often, I'd recommend them.Also, some flaps go up, some sideways, some down. Very confusing for a toddler--which way to go? That's why they are ripped off often in my house
R1XOH273JQGR85@My granddaughter loves to lift the flaps. She is 15 months.
R3CT041SZBYQLC@Such a cute story! My two year old daughter loves playing peek-a-boo so this story is perfect for her! She loves opening the flaps and the story really captures her attention!
R3W3BU16T3ZB6K@this book is a favorite for my baby because of the flaps she needs to lift.
R2GXX215IFPZ3N@My son loves this book!  Started reading it to him as a baby, and now as a toddler, he "reads" it to me from memory.  Very cute illustrations, and he loves lifting the flaps.
R1UUK5KHMUI1CG@My 7 months old loves this book! It is his favorite. It arrived damaged though and some flaps are missing but we got a new one and this is his favorite book!
RQWPIYS6Y0XQW@so our 10 month old likes this book. he pulls on the tab to show the body parts. it holds up well too.
R39T2E8UGYDUKA@Cute book but my baby doesn't seem to be that interested. I think the flaps are too big on some pages because it's hard to tell its a flap. I have a one year old, perhaps for older babies
R3TUW9VPWRZ418@This is a great book for many ages! My 5 month old loves to play peek-a-boo with the flaps, and when he gets older we'll be teaching him about his body at the same time. A good hard cover, however for grabby babies (like mine), the flaps may not hold up. Good purchase.
R1VTXNBJFZDOIL@My daughter is 22 months old, and we've been reading this book for the past 9 months.  She really loves it!  She likes to lift the flaps and point to the different body parts.  She can't play with it/read it by herself or she'll tear the flaps, so we save it for reading together at night.
R1CGN6DTV5XTOB@My son and his wife started reading this to my granddaughter when she was only several months old. The bright colors and pictures captured her attention very well.  This is also the book they used to change her diaper and keep her occupied so she wouldn't be squirming and trying to crawl away. It worked great. She is now 11 months old and toddling and is still enjoying it just as much...
R1W8PM4V07OZXO@We have had to order 2 because our granddaughter loves this book! She is 14 mo. And I had to get one for my home!
R1TG4AUA7Y7EU4@My grandson, four months, laughs and laughs at the baby faces in this book.  It is perfect for him and we have so much fun reading it several times a day!!
R22RDBC963OKZZ@The flaps on each page are made of paper, not the same durable material as the board book itself. These flaps will be ruined in no time.
R1BEK8UWDRQ7WL@Very colorful pictures for baby's of any age to enjoy looking at. My 4 month old enjoys this and loves to have it read to her!
R2LAHNXIUPH5IY@A wonderful book to get my grand nephew on the road to experiencing the mysteries and wonders of his life !
ROH8MORG3G94X@This was our first flap book and our kids favorite book for the longest. Love it. Used for more than a year and counting
R27ENEEYHCA5KM@My daughter loves this book!!! She is one and she loves lifting the flaps. This has also been great for getting her to point at her own eyes, mouth, feet, etc....as we read the book it asks " where are baby's eyes?" And then I ask my daughter where her eyes are...and she points to her own eyes. Lots of fun and great learning/ interactive book :)
R3FKKM93WZJ9MY@My 5 month old loves this book! He gets a smile in his face every time we open a flap
RV72IMNCY05RO@It's a cute idea for a book but the lift up parts of the book are terribly irresistible for children of this age that use the book and the flaps get torn off. They are not that well glued to the page which doesn't help. In theory it's a great idea but didn't work for my child.
R3LO89TKI1MVMC@my baby LOVED this book. if there was a way to capitalize the word "LOVED" more, I would. Baby (12 months) squealed when she saw the content below the flaps for the first time. Now she's a pro and loves to flip through the pages. Definitely a keeper to add to the baby library
R3OQXC2KMMY14C@We love this book. My son request this book over and over again. The flip up activities are great! Reading this book over and over helped my son to learn body parts in a fun and interactive way. I would recommend this to any parent that is teaching their child body parts and who's child likes books! A must have!
R1LKR85K1N9H2K@My grand baby loved this book.  She learned where her belly button was right away!
R1DZOY7TSM9H8I@My 15 month old loves this book, it was one of her favorites but the flip on the last page was ripped off (which is each to do) but when we get to that point we say uh oh! And she's happy again.
R32WHQ5RO4KXKA@My 8.5 mo old is obsessed with flip the flap books, especially Karen Katz ones! I like that the flaps are large so it's easy for her to open, and she loves the vibrant colors/pictures. Story is also easy to follow, with not too many words.
R31DYT53JJ16KJ@A great little lift-the-flap book. The words are so simple, perfect for babies. My baby started lifting flaps around 11 months and this book was right up his alley. He read it every night. He loved to flip all the flaps and then touch the face of the baby hiding behind the flap, and when he got to the last page, he would always smile when he found the hiding baby. The only trouble with this book is that the flaps tear off easily. We've had to glue some flaps back already.
R2A07MGHS6BKPV@My son has loved this book ever since we bought it at several months old. He's two And still loves it. It really help teach him the body parts. Very cool seeing the light in his eyes as he made connections.
R3JVMDCLCJQ7OD@My baby (and toddler) live thus book.  It's a fun book. Diverse group if babies.  And of course the flaps are fun. The flaps are a decent weight but I for see some book destruction in their future.  I don't know if that us avoidable in a flap book though.
R1EXE1UIVEM18S@My 3 months old  enjoys it a lot when I showed him this book. Those adorable round baby faces get his attention. Might consider other books from this author.
R1P479XNKT3EIJ@Dear lord, my son loves this book. LOVES IT. It's been a favorite from 6 months-15 months (now), and I don't see it losing steam anytime soon.
RO8ZN3X330K2T@Awesome toddler book.  My daughter spends so much time flipping up the flaps and asking us to read it to her.
R184ZQAE6OMSMN@All of Karen's books are a favorite in this house. My daughter has where is baby's belly button, where is baby's beach ball, where is baby's valentine, where is baby's Easter basket, and she loves them all! We read them every day. She is 18 months old.
R1GU961A8Y8Y58@Not for children who can't handle books properly. The flaps are very easy to tear, we put this book up for 'later'
R28PK1OZ82GMZX@Cute book. My daughter enjoys opening the flaps. A good start for teaching the concepts of behind and under.
R3235FJT906SDO@It was a cute book with flips to open and reveal the answer but the quality of the flips are not strong enough for a 2yr old's rough handling but its cute and educative book.
R2NN3ZT114GXSD@My kid loves this book.  It can stand a lot of abuse, but eventually the little flaps tore off.  No worries, just superglued those suckers back down.  We're back to finding bellybuttons and hands and feet.  My kid starting actively reading it around age 14 months.
R2JKJMT8XRKD5W@Our 3 month old loves it!! Very colorful and interactive book even for infants! Great quality. We love it!
R2CUSAEOO5ZUZY@While my granddaughter is in her crib, my son reads this book to her.  Even though Abbie is only 9 months old she has learned the different parts of her body.  She absolutely loves this book.  So does my son.  So do I.
R10353KY5U9CAL@Love this book.  The flaps are starting to get bent and worn, but my son loves reading this book.  Very entertaining.
RSNQBZ6FHJE7F@My 20 month old son loves this book! The pictures are very cute.
R2QEFCG4OWTZBS@My 3 month old loves this book with the bold graphics and I read it while pointing to all of his body parts!
R8EMU3QVATTYV@This book is really cute , although she is still to young yet to understand where is Baby's belly button when she gets a little bit older she will get a kick out of it I'm sure . I bought it for her when I gave her mom a baby shower so she will have it in her book case till she gets a little bigger which I think will probably be real soon.  Then we can read the book with her & teach her where her belly button is.
R8NXGWNYBWK95@I was hoping for a more pages -- more body parts.  This book only has 6 pages that cover the following:1) Eyes2) Mouth3) Belly Button4) Feet5) Hands6) Baby ("Where is baby?")It would have been more complete to have a book with more body parts (e.g., Ears, nose, arms, legs, toes, fingers, etc.).Also, the flaps are far too big.  It's easy for my daughter to grab the tabs to look under, but they're so big that she ends up bending them in her grip.  I have other "lift-the-flap" books that have much smaller (and thicker) tabs that allow the baby to participate without damaging the book.
R2NF2SA2LOJYK0@My baby loves this book. Every day she pulls off the bookshelf for me or my hubby to read to her!Great buy and she points to all her body parts too!
R10EF878FZZTJ6@My toddler loves all of the books in Karen Katz "Where Is..." collection. This book is wonderful for teaching body parts as well as concepts such as: behind, in front of, and under. The flaps turn this into an interactive book and the variety of directions the flaps open engage problem solving skills.The pictures are also colorful and engaging and there are many things to point out and name.I would recommend this for babies and toddlers of all ages.
R1SY90KME52LDP@I absolutely love this book and can not wait to give it to my daughter on Christmas morning! The illustrations are beautiful and there are tabs on each page that can be pulled to reveal a hidden picture behind it. Perfect book for babies and toddlers.
R1HQ0YR95HH94J@My 1 year old niece loves this book.  I glued a picture of her in the back under the flap of "where's baby" and she giggles everytime she sees it.
R3M5MWFPDVPQEX@My 2 year old loves it. Every page creates a little surprise that keeps her reading till the end.
R4IFCFJATVTKZ@Lift the flap books are such fun for toddlers and in addition, common body parts are named and shown so it is perfect the little one learning to talk.
RUQ90EAKFV7EA@Great book for speech therapy!
R14EML3C2US6RE@Comes highly recommended from my 7-month-old daughter. She loves this book. Apparently it's something only babies understand, but she seems to really feel that this is a fine piece of literary work. She gets so excited with each page, it's almost as if we haven't read it 5,000 times in the last week!
R1U56NAOWA05QF@Cute open the flap book, about 7 cardboard pages. Easy and fast read for an infant and toddler. Big colorful illustrations. Great book to learn the body basics
R15ONHJH7JFUMM@Great for letting baby learn object permanence and cause & reaction. Helps baby find scope of her small world
RKGESVRQIU9QR@beautiful pictures, really fun way to learn the "essential" body parts! (eyes, nose, etc.)
R3D94WHWZRMCTU@Fine, but I can't stand the shy look on the baby's face for the belly button page.
R3PI0U0KLRMI10@The pages are too flimsy for this book. Should be thicker as they are too easily bent and they are hard to grab when opening the flap even for me.  Great book just needs thicker pages. This is not a board book like it says!
RZKLR0UYVK26X@1 year old daughter loves this book!
R3L5XD2VWY235I@My 14 months old son loves this book. He likes discovering what's behind the flaps. As a result of reading this book he knows the body parts mentioned.
R2QL7JQ11XX841@My daughter LOVES Karen Katz's books. She loves to lift the flap and she learned all her body parts from this book.
R1HX86XI7IT66N@This is my daughters favorite book.  I bought this when she was 3 months old. As soon as she was crawling and grabbing this she would search out this book. She loves the flaps and the story in general makes her smile. I can even recite this book in the car when she is upset and she immediately stops crying! This book has been a life saver for us.
RJ2CXFFX2K8BE@Cutest book ever love it
R2DUT9NY2SHSIY@This book is very good, the content is very suitable for baby.
RY923Q1Q9UQU9@What a cute book. Great for engaging young readers as they sit on your lap or next to you. Easy to lift flaps that seem durable. This is a good one to buy for a new baby.
R2KWAYD53HAYPB@My five month old loves this book!
R38ARJN8DX67EM@I cannot speak highly enough about any of the Karen Katz books. I have a 15 month old daughter and we have been reading this book together since she was 8 months old. She is easily engaged as she can help me lift the flaps (and once she figured out the book she does all flaps) and she is also learning different parts of her body. This book is well made - none of the flaps have torn and believe me we have read this book daily and then some since we purchased this!
R1CWBOPMHGTPRH@Cute book for a toddler.  It is strong enough to take the abuse a 12 month old gives a book.
R1YUTHAP0EFJYN@This is a favorite of mine to buy for littles!  They love to hunt their parts along with the babies in the book.
R1UX7L4IJ0AN12@This lift a flap book is sweetly illustrated and fun to read. My son is one and this is his current favorite book.He smiles the whole way through and has fun helping to look under the flaps.Colorful illustrations and baby friendly text make this a must have for your little one's library.
R1OMC346J0RPSH@My daughter asks for this book every day!
R3QO2P0VJD176Y@My three month old loves this book. She smiles and laughs when we read it.
R2WHTROMGH8MW0@A great way to teach toddler body parts. My daughter especially likes lift-the-flap books. So this was a favorite for a long time.
R31XNE83I72XBE@My daughter loves it!
R27JHP2U1QDKWK@Our 16 months old loves this book. It makes him smile every time we open it. He chooses this book every time I tell him that it is time to read a book.
R3OYE536TI4NSO@Love this book!  Really cute little book, my granddaughter loves it❗️
R1VXBAML9Y9OOA@Bought this book when my son was 3 months old & it is still his favorite book now at 6 months old! He reaches for it all the time and he lights up when we read it to him.
R3UTL9MIT7DH3R@This book is very cute and a favorite of my 1 and 3 year old daughters. They love the flip type books like this.
R3DBRVSQUC8RUA@I love this book!  My two granddaughters love the flip up pages, especially the page of the babies eyes.  I am so glad to have found this amazing book for them.
R2RDWGODRS8G1G@This is a cute book. I got it for my sister's baby shower, and just purchased again for a friend's baby shower.
RC813AP3NS1PR@My baby LOVES this book! She wants to look at it over and over and over again. I think it does help baby recognize body parts, but the flip style is what really entertains her. She likes lifting the flaps to see what's underneath.
R3EI5HH6KG05SC@Our baby love a this book! Nice & big illustrayions , colorful too!
R278QCOETUWQ6E@Great book! Only problem is my son ripped the lift up flaps of the book off the book with in 10 minutes of having it.  -_-
R2BJ1N7XP2P3OO@I ordered this book for my 17 month old daughter. She loves it!Pros:The book is sturdy, thick pages and reasonably thick flaps. :)Pages and flaps are easy for my toddler to grasp.Larger print, makes ready to a wiggly little one simple.Colors are vibrant and story is engaging for my daughter.
R2L9FQQMP0N4TL@My daughter (10months) absolutely loves this!! I love it too because I get to teach her body parts. I only wish it were longer. Pictures are great and interactive!
R1CTX55K0AYC6Y@I didn't pay close enough attention that this is a lift flap book. Don't think it will hold up long with my children but my daughter loves lifting the flaps and looking underneath. The story is mediocre.
R1OX0D2CIF3U0R@It's really a very cute book:) the flaps are big enough for baby's fingers to grasp and open it.. The pictures are very cute.. The price is right.. I brought this book for for a few baby's in my day care class for a end of the year gift ... Love it
R2874NT3K974P7@Can't miss hit with the little ones under age 4 or 5.  All the kids went through this book and all made us read it again and again and again.  They liked to lift the objects that were hiding the baby.
R1N84C747XKGEV@Great book for my little one, however she ripped off one of the flap covers on day 1 pretty easily. We still read it every day though.
R2X0RC926D0NNV@A very fun and cute book. My 8 month old son is always interested the whole time I read him this book. It's a great method for teaching body parts, hands, nose etc. He even smiles at the end when the hidden baby under the blanket is revealed.
RSLQEPL3493PJ@Like the pictures and the book is perfect for our 16 month old grandson...
R2ZXKBYP9Q5H1P@I bought this book twice, once for my son and another time for a gift. Good book for a baby and toddler. Came in good condition.
R3KUG35W8EC0Y4@this is my favorite book. my son loves it. at this point he has had it for a few months and has ripped off some of the flaps. but it helped him find his belly so now he runs around saying belly ("ellly") and lifting up his shirt as well as everyone elses. he is now 16 months old.
R236BBM296K6YZ@Wonderful book this is my son favorite book it help him with eyes and hands coordination.
R1NWQUW6SGEYHR@As expected
R1OQJ80RUJ759U@ive ordered 3 so far ~Great gift
R1MPKDF8SR9DUH@Granddaughter loved it!
R2LR1FW9LWFOJS@We love this book and have for years!! I originally purchased it when my daughter was about 10 months old and could understand lift the flap things. This one was great and easy for her inexperienced fingers! The story and art are super cute, like all Karen Katz books. We own a few and definitely recommend. Even at 2.5 years old!
R26HIKXDKUTC5E@beautiful lift the flap book. very colorful with beautiful babies on every page. every page has some part of baby hidden. and it asks wheres that part. ur child gets to lift a flap and the body part is seen.my 3 yr old loves to read it on his own
R3XAGXP4EUF1Y@My LO loves this book.
R2XDMQSSSSPDG@I sent the book to my grandaughter's shower as she requested a book rather than a gift.  I thought that was an excellent idea as the baby will learn from the books & know who gave it to her/him as they grow.
RM90411MKGVD1@My 5 month old daughter wasn't interested in this book for a while, but the more I read it, the more she loves it!  She likes to look at the babies' eyes and the different colors. It's short enough to keep her attention, but interesting enough to keep her brain engaged.
R3FZE813LOV0F7@My son loves this book! He wants it read to him a few times a day and loves lifting the flaps and usually laughs. Easy to ready, fun for little ones!
RQAAAHDDGBGSM@Such a cute toddler book.  I purchased this for my granddaughter and it is one of her favorite books.  Each page has a lift panel. The child makes a new discovery every time the page is turned.  I'm sure the child in your life will enjoy this adorable little cardboard book as much as my granddaughter.
R11K609K9FA6Y4@Too cute and very sturdy! Got 2 for a baby shower and they were a big hit!
R34QMOG4K0SHD8@My favorite baby book - to read to our baby and to give as a gift. Our little one LOVES the close-up faces and pull flaps - sort of like baby's first game of peek-a-boo!. Great use of color throughout the book and nice that a variety of ethnicities are represented.
R21FG1K2OXT546@Cute book that packs a lot of punch.  My son loves (LOVES) books with flaps he can lift.  While these aren't the sturdiest flaps (they're already bent and I wonder how long they'll remain intact), he absolutely loves them!  His favorite is the very last one - Where is baby?  THERE HE IS!  It always gets a laugh!
RBR7K0M0AIKP2@This is just a really special book for little ones.  I purchased this for my soon to be great grandson!! I know he will love it.
R2WI7ZRYOSMKRS@Purchased this for our baby, he's now 8 months old.  He loves the pictures and is happy to help me turn the pages.  He gets a kick out of the flip up flaps but I have to be sure to take the book away from him when I'm not reading it to him because he has started to try to tear and eat the flip up pages.  For the danger of the tearing and eating pieces of the flaps, I gave it 4 stars.
RTXE8U60512M1@So cute, parents love to read it too! Sometimes simple is best and an interactive book is such a good thing sharing expressions and tones.
R1Y5AIJUSWVDWZ@I read an article in a parenting magazine which suggested several "must have" books for babies/young children. This was on the list, so I ordered it from Amazon. I have to admit that I was personally disappointed. I find the story overly simplistic, even for a young child. The flaps aren't very sturdy, as it usually is with any book flaps. My daughters enjoyed the book well enough when they were very small, but it really isn't meant for children older than maybe one year or so.
RSGEELAPJ320R@Great book, fun and creative for my toddler. She loves to lift the flaps and read along. I have recommended this book to my friend as well.
R1S6W7GFYN25CW@The kids loved it! So we bought the whole set. Karen Katz does a great job of entertaining the kids while teaching them something (hand/eye coordination, identification, word pronunciation). You know it's a hit when the kids pull it off the bookshelf more than three times a day.
R33EE9HRQ7VLL4@Very cute book.  I really wanted to like it.  However, I was looking for something sturdy for my 1 year old.  This book was described as sturdy.  It is a board book but the flaps are very thin and could be ripped out in no time.  So maybe for older children, but I was misled by the reviews.
RLLZSA03AB82N@When I first got this for my son (~1 yr), he wasn't super interested in it. He loves lift a flap books, but he would quickly skim through it and toss it aside.However, now at 17 months he can identify all his body parts and loves to look through and do the same with the babies in the book. When we get to the belly button page, he basically falls over trying to get a good look at his own belly button.While this isn't my favorite book, he seems to enjoy it very much so I would recommend it for children ~1 year old.
R1IAD68RQ7ELAV@Great book for a child around 2.  It would be even better if the pages were thicker.  An 18 month old who knows where a baby's eyes, mouth, feet, hands, belly-button is usually often rough when turning pages.  I've scotch-taped this book together several times.
RCTVBSIPB9Q2X@My 2 month old giggles at this because it's like peek a boo to him. At the same time he's learning.
R36NOS68DTSO98@Great lift up book. Bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she's just now really starting to get into it and loves it. (Age is almost 2 years old) It's so cute. The size is perfect for setting on her lap while reading. It has various pages of different lift up or lift down, things to do. Where is baby's hands, where is baby's belly button, where is baby's feet, etc. Is also a great learning tool for those just now learning about where not only there own body parts are but as well as others. You can read aloud and ask where is baby's hands? And she lifts the fold to discover where baby's hands are. Colors are bright and vibrant. Book is sturdy and hard back as well as the pages. Easily wipeable which is a plus cause when my daughter gets into pens or markers she likes to stray away from her coloring paper to the closest thing bedside her and if this book is there then it's victim of her coloring, spilling liquids or transfer of food from her hands. Easy to read pages. Easy to lift tabs and are big enough for little fingers. Very durable book. Has been dropped, throw and sat on multiple times and doesn't even have 1 endention. Am considering buying some of the other books that go along with this one. Shipping was fast. Product was as seller described. Packaging was as expected.
R3DLKE1DPQKKHY@My toddler enjoys the illustrations and the peek a boo aspect with the flaps that reveals body parts. Makes learning so exciting when they see or recall what's underneath the flap. And even more exciting when they can show you their matching counterparts. Cute all around.  It's one of the few books my non-English mother can "read" with my son. I love giving this book as gifts.
RZQ0PVWAXQN1I@I still read this book to my son and he's going on 3 years old now. Good book for learning simple body parts.  Also its a flip book so of course he loves to flip the flaps on each page.
R27GJBQ8QODQ6T@Great for One Year Old!
RK50KAQ31GOFC@My 13 month old loves this book! We've been going over body parts with her, and she really likes finding them in the pictures. Would recommend for kids in the same developmental stage
R2EACXOHPUS13F@My 18 month old son loves books and really likes this book too. He is fascinated by his belly button :) so this book is perfect for him. He loves to lift the flaps on each page.
RWFOZAFSTAJXW@Fast delivery (via Prime). Super cute book! I read to my 8 month old daughter every night and this is the newest one to our library! Love the interaction with the flaps. Excellent first words book. I would recommend!
R2DVDVKAMIXE50@We got this book at about 6 months old and at 1 year old it has become a real hit now that my son is learning words and body parts.  It's pretty cute and a great learning tool.  Earlier on, I think he could care less about the objects but did still like lifting the flaps to see what's under.
R2VOB9HQVVBKCE@My son who is 21 months, think this book is funny. Because the baby is hiding and you 'Find' her/him. I like it, 5 stars for us.
R2HMSFQRWCJ7E8@I bought this book for my first baby girl, back in 2004, and it has been a favorite of each of my children since. Currently, it is my 5 month old son's FAVORITE book. He will see it across the room and crawl for it! He gets very excited and bounces around with anticipation when you hold him and the book. He ADORES this book. HE gets excited to lift the flaps and see what is behind them. It is so wonderful to watch how excited he gets over a book! He likes many other books, but this is the book he gets most excited about!
R126IXMG8FTZNK@This is the 3rd Karen Katz lift the flap book we've purchased and they've all been an immediate hit
R3KPJ5LPNYVASQ@Really cute book! Bought it for my neice for Christmas and ended up keeping it for our little girl!
R2JAVZCM52EDOV@Baby loves this book but it's pretty flimsy and she's managed to rip or destroy almost every page. Wish it was more sturdy.
R3SDBMO8XQ0NHI@Baby loves this book and was quick to teach her all the body parts mentioned. She loves the little flaps and they have held up over several readings.
R2LPZYQ9OSWFT5@I got this for a friends baby shower instead of a card. It's a truly adorable book and I hope it brings the baby joy.
R25H46GOTV1I49@Used this book to help my daughter recognize and start to point out parts on her body. She's a pro now at 15 months.
R7VFTZYSCIRIG@Classic, great book. Must have for your children’s library. I bought this for my baby. Would makes great shower gift.
R2FVF4IE2XB6YE@My son loves this little book.  He is now 1.5 years old.  The book shows him all different body parts, and he really enjoys pointing to the different parts on the baby, and on himself.  He can find feet, bellybutton, hands, eyes, mouth, and more!  The pictures are very clear, too, so it is easy for us to study the pictures and spot different body parts on each page.  The flaps also seem pretty durable considering the amount of use this book has gotten.  This has been a good learning tool for him and is a fun read, also.
R33FKDTHXNZEKB@my grandson loves this book.  he ripped out some of the cover sheets when he was younger, but this book seems to be his comfort book.  We usually read this one first then go to more advanced books.
RXHD8N12IG6RF@I just bought this book for an expectant mother's baby shower. I think the book is adorable and little babies will love it, BUT - the last page - "Where is Baby (flip) There HE is!" doesn't quite work - she's having a GIRL! I thought maybe there were two versions, but no indication of such. Somehow that last page needs to work for both genders. I guess, for now, I'll just tell the new mother to write an 'S'  before "he"...
R1PSPFNN42EI57@My daughter (2) loves this book - really anything that allows her to lift up a flap!  It's a darling book.
R3QJZUUET6KUNG@My 20 month son loves this books. It's great for helping to teach body parts and lift-the-flap books are always a hit. My only issues with the book are: 1. I wish it included more basic facial features (nose and ears); and 2. the large flaps go across the whole page and some open at the top, some at the bottom, which makes it harder for my young son to be able to open the flaps himself since it's hard to tell which end to open.
RNIMX9A9V5LH9@easy, quick read for your little one! helps him learn the words.. great board book so he cannot rip the pages!
R3MB41VM9C8JHF@My grandson loves this book.  The flaps are easy to lift and the pages are easy to turn.  He points to the different body parts now.
R32A0VE1X0BURI@love it
R1RG5TN164JGW2@My 16 month old granddaughter LOVES this book. She is learning body parts so finding the body parts on the babies in the book, and then on her, has become such a fun learning game. Having the extra fun of lifting up the flaps on the book has just made it all the better for her.It's a simple easy read that holds her attention long enough. I bought another book at the same time Are You My Mother? (Bright & Early Board Books(TM)) that absolutely has not held her attention. It is a classic book, but seems to be too wordy and advanced for her right now. Where Is Baby's Belly Button is just perfect for her attention span at the moment.
R3ER25YMQE61VO@great
RDJ2LZRJ4K0V@This book is just wonderful for toddlers as well as babies. Our son has loved this book since he has been one year old. He loves lifting the flaps and pointing at the hands or mouth. He even kisses "the baby". I can highly recommend this book. We're actually gifting this book to a friend's one year old in a few weeks.
R3HMWXSKKSSTEY@My son just adores this book! He has learned all the parts on the baby and on himself. I also like the variety in ethnicity of the characters in the book.
R4FQCSH8I533I@This is one of my 9-month-old daughter's favorite books. We have a number of the Karen Katz lift-the-flap books, but this one still seems to engage her the most. The flaps in this book in particular are easy for her to find and lift, and I think she enjoys looking at all the baby faces on each page.The book itself is sturdy, but be aware when leaving them alone with it - our daughter tore one of the flaps out and likes to try to eat the flaps as well. That said, she's been playing around with this book for over a month now, and so far we've only lost one flap, so not too bad!
R3GAPLTWQLTQPB@our 2 yr old will finally sit and let us read to him.  He loves this book because he gets to do something. now when he lifts the flaps, he says what is on the flap (because he's repeating us).  It has helped him expand his vocabulary and clarity of speech too.
R2E8S075V2KKU8@My one year old daughter loved this book!
R26WH6MRW8OH5E@My son loved this book!!! The only downside was that we read it so much that eventually a couple of the pop up pages fell off- will buy again for next baby!
R2CEP9SLZ400M@Cute enough, but the lift up flaps are extremely large which makes for easy ripping. Would probably prefer them to be smaller and more isolated on each body part instead for better focus. Does not mention ears, hair, cheeks...oh well. My son was mildly interested but not his favorite. I like that the babies all look different, both genders and diff race.
R2R2JD8A0HBFKS@A favorite of my 1 year old since about 6 months old. She loves turning the pages and lifting the flaps on her own.
RDIAD7W7ZA43O@I think the book is just Ok, but my daughter really enjoys it so that's all that matters. She likes to flip the peak flap and point out the hidden items.
R2TRPI07Z5TB9L@My 15 month old loves all things belly button including this book! Cute board book if you like to play belly button peek a boo with your little one <3
R1UK1GMJGTLRKW@Really cute book that helps teach different body parts! It's one of my kids favorites!
RRGM06Y1WF6L3@Great lift-the-flap book for one-year olds.  Love all of Karen Katz's books, but this one is the most engaging for a child this age.
R397BO6VWNMMPM@My son is finally picking up body part vocab after purchasing this book. Great buy. Only complaint is that the flaps are thin cardstock and bend easily. Don't expect this to stay in great condition for very long.
R2EVW6A92DMNU3@The illustrations are attractive and the text is appropriate to the style of the book.  I was disappointed in the light weight board used.  I don't feel it is very sturdy for a young child
R4XTLZ1J160AS@My daughter loves this book, particularly the flaps!  However, she was able to easily bend and tear these flaps.
R3AKCQ54R1VBKF@Papa had fun 'reading' this book to our 10-month old grandson.  He's learning body parts and this made it even more fun.  So glad the little guy is fascinated by books.
R2UMQUE3WKQ0YW@I bought this book for my 15 month old Granddaughter.  She loves it.  She really enjoys lifting the inserts on most pages.  I would recommend for any Toddler.
R1Q8MYS13UXZ57@Who doesn't love Books?"
RZ3R86KJFIF5C@This book is so cute and always puts a smile on my face. The pages are nice and thick, sturdy enough to withstand a babies go at it.
R3Q6GXS0CJ2O8X@Love this book for the little ones, It super works for 16 to 24 months old, after that age, they kinda lose the interest.
R1DZNZJRG2M25K@I bought one for may granddaughter. It's great! I'm going to now have to (actually really want to) buy another for my other granddaughter.  One wasn't enough.
R20MDI3S8QMGT4@Oh.. what should I say about this book.. My daughter picked this herself from Marshalls .. and she is soo much love with this book that I had to hide it few days, so that she would open others...
R2YGBK02773008@My 16 month old really loves these lift the flap books. Highly recommend!
R1J5IB7XTSWARR@OMG.....My little one loves this book....I can now recite the story without even looking through the pages!! Great book for your tot!!
RMIV0C8N1RI2@I bought this for my 16 month old, he LOVED it but not nearly as much as my 5 year old step-daughter with Autism. She is learning to read and the writing is simple and concrete enough for her to understand. 